User Stories:
As a Student, I want to create an account with an @ufl.edu email so that I can securely make study sets for only UF students

As a student, I want to save sets that I will frequently use as "Favorites" so that they are able to be easily accessed

As a student, I want to like and dislike study sets that I find useful/not useful so that students in the future can use the best sets available

As a student, I want to be able to see my most recently used sets so that I can quickly resume studying after a break

As a student, I want to create sets that I can use to study and that other students can use to study so that they don't have to be created over and over again

As a student, I want to be able to search through study sets by class so that they are easy to find

Issues to address:
1. Set up Angular and Go seperately
2. Start login for angular sde
3. Start creating databases
4. Transfer data from front end into back end database. 
5. Register Users for angular side.
6. Set up separate databases, one for students and another for index cards.

Successfully Completed: 

1. We were able to set up Angular and Go separately and have it compile successfully on each end. 
2. The front end team was able to set up a login page to display using Angular. 
3. The back end team was able to set up a database in mySQL.
4. The back end team was able to get data transfered into the student database created.

Not Completed Yet: 

1. Although the back end team was able to transfer data into the student database, it do so using a makeshift html front end. We were not able to link our 
angular code to our Go code. This is our current top priority. 

2. The backend was able to create the index cards database, but could not have it work in any capacity given that as long as the front-end and back-end are not 
linked correctly progress it is quite hard to test our code out. 

3. Front end has not yet created a register users site, this is what's next in the progression of the front end side. 
